MGMT-15389: add feature flag to enable/disable OKD support (#5400)
openshift/assisted-service: deploy/podman/README.md

* `OS_IMAGES` should point to Fedora CoreOS (see [Fedora CoreOS Release artifacts](https://getfedora.org/en/coreos/download?tab=metal_virtualized&stream=stable&arch=x86_64))
* `RELEASE_IMAGES` lists available OKD versions (see [OKD Releases](https://github.com/openshift/okd/releases))
* `OKD_RPMS_IMAGE` is additional image containing Kubelet/CRI-O RPMs (see [example repo](https://github.com/vrutkovs/okd-rpms))

> * `ENABLE_OKD_SUPPORT` wethert OKD support is enabled. Defaults to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ENABLE_OKD_SUPPORT` whether OKD support is enabled. Required to be `true` so that the service setup necessary RPMs on top of discovery ISO
```
